The true despair begins here.
Ah, crap.
My wings resonated and popped out.
Who cares?
Use them if you want to.
I don't need mine since it makes me tired.
Neither do I.
Looks like Bambietta is using hers...
Well, duh...
She's already pissed
that we ditched her.
Oooh, scary.
Someone like her is the last person
who should be allowed to use that.
After all, that girl is dumb.
This battle is really
going to end quickly.
Oh, my darling, I don't even know
where my heart has gone
And I've forgotten
that dream I once had
Becoming an adult =
keeping a public face and bluffing?
Tell me, what is reflected
in the painted-over mirror?
Your photo is starting to fade
Leaving me, as I change
I'll shout at the top of my voice
as it pierces through the night
Burning my chest,
formless fear and all
It's okay if I can't laugh
like that day
Sadness, scars, everything...
I want to take them all with me
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
You may have transformed,
but everything
is still reversed you kno...
What was that about being reversed?
How lame.
If I can't tell up from down
or left from right,
then I'll just destroy
everything all at once!
Using my "The Explode"!
Welcome back!
Captain!
Whose subordinate are you?
Doggy?
Or Smirky Face?
That was reckless,
Lieutenant Hinamori!
Her bombs can't be nullified
by your Tobiume.
Nor can they even be blocked
without a shield or armor!
Can't even be blocked?
You talk as if that bucket
on your head can block it.
At the moment of impact,
you sensed something was wrong
and moved your head.
Got to hand it to you, Doggy.
Was that animal instinct?
That's right.
My bombs can't be guarded against.
I'm not firing Reishi bombs at you.
Anything I fire my Reishi
into turns into a bomb.
That's why trying to swat them away
at the last minute
won't do you any good.
No way...
Now, let's see how
you handle this, Doggy!
Get behind me!
How's that?
I'm guessing
only your armor's broken
and you're still alive.
Let's have a look at
what's inside that bucket.
Huh?
What happened?
You're not a doggy anymore...
THE JINKA TECHNIQUE
The Jinka Technique...
Is that... what our clan calls
this secret technique...?
Yes...
We Werewolf Clan were sent
to the animal realm
for the sins we committed
during our past lives.
Even that wasn't enough,
so we returned to the Soul Society.
By temporarily breaking
the chains of sins that binds us,
we can return to our forms before
we were condemned to being beasts...
allowing us to gain immense power.
We call that the Jinka Technique.
How do I... do that?
Offer your heart.
With your own hand,
tear out your heart.
Offer it to me...
and I will bestow
the Jinka Technique upon you.
You can't do it?
That is fine by me.
You have no obligation
to throw away your life
for the Soul Reapers.
But I do.
I shamelessly abandoned my clan
because I couldn't stand to
live a life of hiding,
but Master Genryusai took me in.
I owed a huge debt for that,
but the Quincies killed him.
I must do whatever it takes
to avenge his death!
Lieutenant Hinamori,
take Captain Hirako with you
and leave.
Yes, sir!
I'm left with no choice...
Bankai.
Kokujo Tengen Myo-oh...
Dangai Joue!
What is that...?
I'm shocked!
No doggy even in your Bankai?!
Or perhaps there's a doggy hiding
under that monster's face?
What the hell is happening?
Kokujo Tengen Myo-oh is
an armor Bankai imbued with life.
Dangai Joue is its form
stripped of armor,
exposing only
its Spiritual Pressure and power.
Your technique cannot defeat it!
If your Spiritual Pressure
is exposed,
then so are your weaknesses!
Don't you get it?
Becoming a bomb and exploding
is only frightening
when something is alive.
Without life,
there isn't a shred
of fear of that.
What...?!
Tengen Myo-oh's life
lies within its armor.
Dangai Joue is Tengen Myo-oh
stripped of life.
What the hell
are you talking about?!
I know how that thing works!
I had your Bankai just
a minute ago, remember?!
That Bankai is linked to
its possessor!
You see?!
Your Bankai might be okay
if it's destroyed,
but not for you, its possessor...
W-What's with that hole?
My body is now an empty shell...
It is nothing more than
a vessel to defeat your people.
My clan's secret technique,
the Jinka Technique...
allows us to temporarily gain
immortal bodies
by offering our hearts.
As long as I am in this human form,
I will never perish.
Are you saying
you gave up your life?!
If you lose, you die or get killed!
Aren't you fighting because
you don't want that to happen?!
If you throw your life away
to fight,
then what is even
the point of winning?!
I did not throw it away.
I simply staked it.
Master Genryusai staked
his life on this war,
so why would I not do the same?
Before I even
stepped into this battle...
I had already left my life behind!
Sajin...
Well done.
You truly are one of us.
When I see you now,
you make me proud, Sajin.
No way...
The bombs aren't detonating...
He's driving them into me
faster than they could detonate...
This can't be...
Not yet...
I need you to hold out
just a little longer...
The Jinka Technique...
My heart...!
I have to get to their castle...
I have to...
kill Yhwach!
Good.
Very good, Sajin.
Have you realized, Sajin?
That those feelings you have...
are desire for "revenge"?
That you are throwing away
your life for revenge,
the very thing you had told
your friend that he was doing?
But that is okay.
Revenge is our Clan's true form.
You have finally come back...
to our Clan.
What is...?
I see...
So this...
This is the price I must pay.
That's right, Sajin.
Your life as a human will
soon come to an end.
You will become a beast of revenge...
Let your anger
reach its very limit.
Curse your lot.
Wallow in your vengeance.
I will sip on the dark resentment
and live on...
Sajin, my dear Sajin...
Thank you for doing this for me.
You became a beast
that cannot speak... just for me.
Thank you.
So this is the price of selling
my soul for revenge...
This is what I get for carrying
the name of the Court Guards
and selling my soul for revenge...
The price I paid for not taking
the words I said to Tosen
as a warning to myself.
I was...
Captain, let's go.
You did nothing wrong, Captain.
You haven't done anything wrong.
Let's fight, Captain.
Let's go and kill
that bastard Yhwach
and avenge
Master Genryusai Yamamoto.
THE JINKA TECHNIQUE
Damage repaired up to 45%...
Damn it...
How could I lose to a Soul Reaper?
I can't believe I was the first of
the five of us to be defeated...
I can't let this happen...
I just can't let this happen!
Poor little Bambi...
Here, let us help you.
We'd be so lonely
without you, Bambi.
– Right, girls?
– No...
Please...
Don't do it, Gigi...!
The battle seems to be evening out.
What a modest analysis.
But it seems we agree.
I think so too.
Of course.
If not, it would have been
meaningless for me to come here.
It is my job to tip the scales
in our favor.
That came out of nowhere!
I almost forgot, you Quincies
can steal Reishi, can't you?!
I have been gradually
stealing Reishi
from this side of the barrier
to weaken it.
It took longer than I anticipated.
What a splendid technique.
You hear that?
I'll take that as a compliment
for now.
However...
If it took time for you
to weaken the barrier,
it also means we had time
to build a new one.
This is quite different in form
from your first one.
Does it appear fragile this time
because it's not
a single-layer barrier?
Yes.
But the fact that
it clearly appears fragile
means that its fragility is a trap.
You leave me no choice.
I will need to use
rougher measures.
So it's time...
His Majesty is waiting.
– Excuse me.
– Hold on a second.
You're leaving
after coming this far?
Be sure to thank her.
When will you be back?
As soon as the order is given.
I see.
I'll be waiting for you
with some fine tea next time.
That was an incredible explosion
just now.
Two Spiritual Pressures vanished.
One belonged to an enemy,
and the other was...
Captain Komamura...
Damn it!
Mister!
Time for round two!
Get up!
Who's that kid?
No, wait, it's a tiny old man.
Don't bother.
That one can't fight anymore.
Mister!
Okay, James!
– What?!
A Superstar always gets
a second round!
I thought you said this
was a one-round match!
The bell, James!
Yes, Mister!
Quit fooling around!
I am always serious!
Hey, One! Two!!
Three!!
Hey, James!
Yes, sir!
I've now finished off just about
every Captain we could verify.
But although I've won,
it's sad that we don't have a crowd
watching us, isn't it, James?!
Yes, sir!
You're exactly right, Mister!
Huh?
What's that light?
A new foe?!
I can't make up my mind
if I should go there...
– What do you think, James?
– Yes, sir!
They made quite a shiny spectacle
as they descended,
so taking them out would
put you in the spotlight!
All right, let's go then!
Try to keep up, James!
Yes, sir!
Not so fast...
You think you beat us
just because you got a three count?
That's right.
You got knocked out without
anything to show for your training.
Such a pathetic lieutenant.
Are you with these boys?
Captain of Squad 9,
Kensei Muguruma.
I'm the captain of
the sleeveless one there.
A captain!
How wonderful!
Ordinarily, you'd make an
extremely worthy adversary,
but I'm afraid
I'm on my way to investigate
an extremely conspicuous
fallen object.
Come now, don't say that.
You have two captains
you can take on.
I think we're
quite excellent adversaries
if you want to
make a name for yourself.
Oh?
In that case, come at me!
Don't worry, we won't take
too much of your time.
All at once, the lights went out
Reminding me
with a voice
and I cannot move
Unable to convey even a millimeter
of the lines that I dubbed
All lines
that I don't want to forget
Rewound
Repeated
Became a mark
And I notice the dust
I wait and wait
But it won't start
If it's already ended
I give up
But can I
borrow your shoulder?
With that knife
that was left behind
Pierce it through
Still
in the middle of a dream,
We kept searching
For the scar that
the revolving world remembers
With just the strong desire
to keep on living
We'll choose a tomorrow
that will not return
In just a little while
The final curtain will fall
Shining upon us
The blurred end roll
What the hell is this...?
The weight you feel
is what you are trying to protect.
Everything that you see
are everlasting memories
and revelations...
In other words,
the power of the king.
Are you a vessel
capable of withstanding
the power that fills it,
or are you a bowl that shatters?
So, what do you want me
to do next?
"The heavens resound with deceit."
"The captive heart
dances to the melody."